Proper aggregation of istio metrics using prometheus federation (#9700)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/monitoring/05-03-prometheus.md

| Parameter | Description | Default value |
|-----------|-------------|---------------|
| **prometheusSpec.retention** | Specifies a period for which Prometheus stores the metrics.| `1d` |

> | **prometheusSpec.retentionSize** | Maximum number of bytes that storage blocks can use. The oldest data will be removed first.| `2GB` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **prometheusSpec.retentionSize** | Specifies the maximum number of bytes that storage blocks can use. The oldest data will be removed first.| `2GB` |
```

Reviewer: For consistency sake, start either with a verb or with a noun in the context of the whole document.

> | **prometheusSpec.storageSpec.volumeClaimTemplate.spec.resources.requests.storage** | Specifies the size of a Persistent Volume Claim (PVC). | `10Gi` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **prometheusSpec.storageSpec.volumeClaimTemplate.spec.resources.requests.storage** | Specifies the size of a PersistentVolumeClaim (PVC). | `10Gi` |
```
